docs(issue-platform): Update docs from issue platform support additions (#1079)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/issue-platform.mdx

- `noise_config`: A `NoiseConfig` that allows you to set policy on how many times a fingerprint must occur in a period of time before an issue is created. NoiseConfig has two attributes:
  - `ignore_limit`: How many occurrences need to occur before we create a new issue
  - `expiry_time`: The period of time the occurrences must occur in before we reset the count

> - `enable_auto_resolve`: Whether detector controlled resolution should be enabled for this issue type. By default this attribute is set to true.

Reviewer: are we calling it detector-controlled resolution? that name doesn't mean much without context

> - `enable_auto_resolve`: Whether this issue type can be resolved automatically after 14 days of silence. By default this attribute is set to true.

Reviewer: the auto_resolve window is configurable, try something like

```suggestion
- `enable_auto_resolve`: Whether this issue type can be resolved automatically after a number of days with no events. The auto_resolve window is configurable in each project's settings. By default this attribute is set to true.
```

> - `enable_auto_resolve`: Whether this issue type can be resolved automatically after 14 days of silence. By default this attribute is set to true.

Reviewer 2: "14 days of no new occurrences"?

Author: Sorry, just used what was one the one [dev doc](https://docs.sentry.io/product/alerts/best-practices/#:~:text=In%20particular%2C%20regressions%20will%20be%20more%20common%20than%20you%20expect%20because%20Sentry%20auto%2Dresolves%20issues%20after%2014%20days%20of%20silence%20(configurable)%2C%20and%20many%20issues%20keep%20coming%20back%20after%20the%2014%2Dday%20window.)

> - `enable_escalation_detection`: Whether escalation forecasts and detection should be enabled for this issue type. By default this attribute is set to true.

Reviewer: Let's link to escalating docs here

You might also want to register a new category related to your issue type as well. This allows you to group related issue types together. To do so, add your category to <Link to="https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/97f4174c28041357aa190f27012dc33c1c7bafc7/src/sentry/issues/grouptype.py#L17-L22">this enum</Link>

## Send Occurrences to the Issue Platform

> If operating within the Sentry codebase, you can call <Link to="https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/master/src/sentry/issues/producer.py#L41-L46">sentry.issues.produce_occurrence_to_kafka</Link> and pass in the <Link to="https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/d262bbd9d8d3a2747d5251bee35c016c13ca050a/src/sentry/issues/issue_occurrence.py#L58">IssueOccurrence</Link> and optionally the `Event` data, <Link to="#payload-type">`Payload Type`</Link>, and <Link to="#status-change">`status_change`</Link>. The fields in these are described in the schemas below.

Reviewer: all the params are optional now - let's clarify that IssueOccurrence is not required

Caveats
- Attachments will not work. If you have a need for this please contact the issues team.

### Payload Type
<Link to="https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/ccfb37212102945df5f35e8f55fe38891b70036b/src/sentry/issues/producer.py#L23">PayloadType</Link>

Issue platform supports two types of payloads:
- `OCCURRENCE`
- `STATUS_CHANGE`

### Staus Change

> The `status_change` message format is as follows:

Reviewer: Let's add a sentence here to explain what this message is used for, since I don't see that explained anywhere else.

Author: I have 

> If `payload_type` is set to `STATUS_CHANGE` in `produce_occurrence_to_kafka`, `status_change` will update the status of an issue.

- `fingerprint`: unique identifier for the occurrence

> - `new_status`: status string; one of {`resolved` | `archived` | `unresolved`}

Reviewer: `new_status` is an int, from the [GroupStatus enum](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/2e5a39ff3dd4afbd33f2ff7d2ba161285107afe4/src/sentry/models/group.py#L148). We only support the following

UNRESOLVED = 0
RESOLVED = 1
IGNORED = 2

> - `new_substatus` [optional]:

Reviewer: new_substatus is an int, from the [GroupSubStatus enum](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/2e5a39ff3dd4afbd33f2ff7d2ba161285107afe4/src/sentry/types/group.py#L4). We do not support the NEW substatus.

- Attachments will not work. If you have a need for this please contact the issues team.

### Payload Type
Determines the type of payload sent to the issue platform. If `payload_type` is not present in `produce_occurrence_to_kafka`, the type is assumed to be `OCCURRENCE`.

> The <Link to="https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/2e5a39ff3dd4afbd33f2ff7d2ba161285107afe4/src/sentry/issues/producer.py#L23">PayloadType</Link> enum has two types:

Reviewer: Let's mention the default value is OCCURRENCE
